Cymbalta has the same adverse side effects of the other SSRI medications and then some. In fact, because of Cymbaltas adverse emotional reactions, the inherent inability to get an erection or orgasm that is more the norm in other SSRI medications appears to be even worse with this one. If that werent enough, it increases anxiety and thus has less value as an anti-depressant. Yet what was even more profound, I found that I was in a state of emotional upset at all times but wasnt aware of it until I stopped the medication 6 days ago. Bizarre sensations of profound guilt and regret about incidents from the past (childhood to adult), were constantly re-lived and extremely inflated to say the least. I found myself on the verge of tears at all times. To add to the constant emotional upset, I can now attribute Cymbalta to frustrating memory lapses and a dramatic compromise in my cognitive abilities which I had mistakenly blamed on my pain medication. This drug caused me t. I have severe and chronic lower back pain with Fibromyalgia which resulted in my developing depression. Consequently, I was placed on anti-depressants to counteract the side effects of pain medication, and also because the constant pain sucked the life out of me. Initially I was on Effexor (YIKES! ), but had to stop this drug after only a few days. Subsequently I was placed on Zoloft for several years, then Celexa for several more, and finally Cymbalta in an effort to decrease the SSRI side effects the first two medications had. Each time I switched drugs I had to stop completely to start the other. I had no adverse withdrawal side effects from either Zoloft or Celexa; however Cymbalta was a different story. I had tried several times before to quit Cymbalta but because of the extreme withdrawal side effects, I was forced to stay on it. The evidence for me is irrefutable; Cymbalta has absolutely no redeeming value when compared to any other type of SSRI anti-depressant. In Fact, I believe it should either be removed from the market or be deemed a controlled substance, not because patients would be inclined to abuse this drug, but that physicians are in an effort to improve mood and block pain without having to dispense pain medication. Even the most innocuous of prescribed pain medication has vastly more therapeutic value, simply because Cymbalta has none. DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG, IT IS DANGEROUS. Cymbalta is a living nightmare, avoid it. 