First two weeks were a nightmare. I had no clue it was the side effect from the lexapro. I checked myself into the ER 3x in one week certain that I was dying. I vomited for three days straight. Heart palpitations for 2 weeks. Along with the "brain zaps" people tell about. And a feeling of eminent doom 24/7)  Like you just saw a dog get hit by a car. They ran entire body scans and told me I was the healthiest person ever. Visited the psychologist who prescribed me and he promised if I just stuck with it, it would pass. And he was right! Almost exactly after the second week I woke up one morning and I felt 100% better. Xanax was the godsend to get me through the side effects. Take it as prescribed and it is your best friend. I've read nothing but negative reviews on this drug. Some people even claim that the first day of taking the pill it was either aweful or amazing. Just know that you WILL NOT feel any effect for 3-5 days as it takes time for it to build up in your body. I started taking this for my Post Partum. I was to the point that if I even looked at my baby or heard his voice I wanted to vomit. I wanted nothing to do with him. I wanted him away from me as far as possible. I knew there was something wrong with that, so I spoke to a psychologist and he prescribed me lexapro. I started off on 2.5 mg for one week. Then 5 the next week (those 2 weeks were the worst) then I worked up to 10mg. I felt so much better but I still had the feeling of uneasiness. So he bumped me up to 15)  That was the magic number. I was totally back to normal. It's been 1yr now and my little baby is now 1.5 yrs old. I feel like I don't need it any more. So my dr has me stepping off. I've gradually taken down the dose by 2.5mgs each month just to be sure I don't experience withdrawals and guess what? THERE HAVE BEEN NONE! Yay. I'm literally down to my last 30 days of this medicine and I feel awesome! DO NOT JUST QUIT COLD TURKEY. you must must must gradually lower the dose by a month at a time or you will suffer TERRIBLE consequences. 