The first few days felt really great,mood wise. I had alot of dizziness and it was so bad I felt like passing out every time I yawned  (Sounds weird I Know).But that eventually stopped. It also killed sex drive. It was distressing at first but within a few weeks my sex drive worked again,but at a much more "normal" rate,which I greatly appreciate, I feel I was to horny before. I have had some weight gain,however my weight normally changes based on the time of year. During the school year I go to college while working at my job (cashiering) so I am always busy. But during the summer I usually just work and relax. I also have a horrible mountain dew addiction,but my weight gain has been small and my clothes still fit so I am not all that upset. It's a very good drug. It has calmed my anxiety down alot, before I could hardly bare to be social,social situations just scared me to death. I would usually leave class early because being around others gave such horrible panic attacks. Its been that way for as long as I can remember. I've been trying my best to bury my depression down,things in my past,such as abuse,rings I did not want to deal with. Depression also runs in my family,my grandmother ,84, Has finally taken anti depressants. Amd now she's happier than ever. I hated reaching out for help,but I realized I did not want to live my whole life being as miserable as her,and wait until 84 to get help. The medication however is only a tool and I have to attend therapy,medication can't fix the abuse I've suffered,or my fear of men ad a resulting factor,that has to be dealt with in other ways and trying to bury it down just ate me up. I began to cut,and attempted suicide several times,I've been self harming since I was a kid. ive been unable to be in health relationships because of my fears,and would someday like a to jave a decent relationship. But that part has to come from me. The lexapro did wonders in helping my moods,so I could get to a place where I could work on my issues. 